1. Designed a simple door security system that allows at most 10 different users (each user is holding a 4-digit password) to access the room. If a wrong password is keyed in, a red LED will be lit. Otherwise, a green LED will be on and the seven segment display shows the user ID (user 1 to user 10). The system allows the user to change password whenever necessary.

2. For our project, we aim to design a door security system that allows maximum 10 users to access the door. We assume that the 4 digit passwords of 10 users are initially stored in the memory of the system. The users are allowed to enter the 4 digit password by pressing the 4 push button. Pressing a button increments the respective digit. For example, if the user presses the first push button twice, then it means that the first digit that user entered is 2. Users may check their input through the 7 segment display. The password entered by the user will be compared with the password stored. If the password matches, the green LED will be turned on and the door will be unlocked after the enter is switched to 1. And the 7 segment display will show the user ID. If the password is incorrect, the red LED will be turned on and the user can enter the password again. If the password entered correctly, the user can choose to reset password by activating the change password mode. As the new password is keyed in and the confirm button is turned on, the new password of the respective user will be saved in the system. Then, the system will return to initial state.

3. ASM flow chart, system block diagram, datapath, FSM, verilog coding, testbench coding and demonstration on FPGA board have been done.
